README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 🔳 Deadboy & VenimK QR Code Generator 🔲

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.0.0-blue.svg" alt="Version"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Custom-green.svg" alt="License"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript">

A fast, feature-rich, and user-friendly QR code generator web application with advanced customization options, calendar event support, and professional-grade color management.

![Deadboy QR Code Generator](./QrCodeGenerator.png)

</div>

## ✨ Features

### 📱 Multiple QR Code Types
- **URL**: Generate QR codes for websites and web pages
- **Text**: Create QR codes for plain text messages
- **Email**: Generate QR codes that open email clients with pre-filled addresses
- **Phone**: Create QR codes for phone numbers
- **SMS**: Generate QR codes that open SMS with pre-filled numbers
- **WhatsApp**: Create QR codes for WhatsApp messages with pre-filled text
- **WiFi**: Create QR codes for WiFi network access with encryption support
- **Location**: Generate QR codes for geographic coordinates with geocoding
- **Calendar**: Create QR codes for calendar events (iCalendar format) - **NEW!**

### 🎨 Advanced Customization Options
- **QR Code Colors**: Full color picker for foreground and background colors - **NEW!**
- **Color Presets**: Quick-select professional color combinations - **NEW!**
- **Contrast Validation**: Real-time warnings for poor scanning combinations - **NEW!**
- **Resolution Options**: Choose from 256x256 to 2048x2048 pixels - **NEW!**
- **Size Control**: Adjustable QR code display size (200-1000px)
- **Stroke Width**: Customizable border thickness (0-13%)
- **Outline Toggle**: Add or remove black outline around the QR code
- **Color Inversion**: Swap foreground and background colors

### 🌈 Multiple Themes
- Dark Orange (Default)
- Light
- Neon
- Midnight
- Forest

### 💾 Export & Sharing Options
- **Download as PNG**: High-quality raster format with custom resolution
- **Download as SVG**: Scalable vector format for print and web
- **Native Sharing**: Share QR codes directly via device share menu
- **Custom Colors**: All exports respect your color choices
- **High Resolution**: Up to 2048x2048 pixel exports

## 🚀 Usage

1. **Select QR Type**: Choose from URL, Text, Email, Phone, SMS, WhatsApp, WiFi, Location, or Calendar
2. **Enter Information**: Fill in the required fields (auto-validation included)
3. **Customize Appearance**: 
   - Choose colors using the color pickers or presets
   - Select resolution (256px to 2048px)
   - Adjust size, stroke, and outline options
4. **Generate**: Click "Generate QR Code" or use `Ctrl/Cmd + Enter`
5. **Export**: Download as PNG/SVG or share directly

### ⌨️ Keyboard Shortcuts - **NEW!**
- `Ctrl/Cmd + Enter` - Generate QR Code
- `Ctrl/Cmd + D` - Download PNG
- `Ctrl/Cmd + S` - Download SVG

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5"> HTML5 with semantic markup
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3"> CSS3 with responsive design
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript"> Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+)
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/QRCode.js-000000?style=flat" alt="QRCode.js"> QRCode.js library for QR generation
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/QRCode--SVG-000000?style=flat" alt="QRCode-SVG"> QRCode-SVG library for vector exports
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Phosphor-3D3D3D?style=flat" alt="Phosphor"> Phosphor Icons for UI elements
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Web_APIs-FF6B6B?style=flat" alt="Web APIs"> Native Web APIs (Share, Geolocation, File)

## 🌐 Browser Compatibility

The application is compatible with all modern browsers including:
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Chrome-4285F4?style=flat&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white" alt="Chrome"> Chrome (recommended)
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=flat&logo=Firefox&logoColor=white" alt="Firefox"> Firefox
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Safari-000000?style=flat&logo=Safari&logoColor=white" alt="Safari"> Safari
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Edge-0078D4?style=flat&logo=Microsoft-edge&logoColor=white" alt="Edge"> Edge
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mobile_Browsers-4CAF50?style=flat" alt="Mobile"> Mobile browsers (iOS Safari, Chrome Mobile)

## 📱 Mobile Features

- **Touch-Optimized**: Larger touch targets and mobile-friendly interactions
- **Responsive Design**: Adapts perfectly to all screen sizes
- **Native Sharing**: Integrates with device share functionality
- **Geolocation**: Use current location for location-based QR codes
- **Offline Capable**: Works without internet connection once loaded

## 🆕 Recent Updates

### v2.0.0 - Major Feature Release
- ✨ **Calendar Events**: Create QR codes for calendar events in iCalendar format
- 🎨 **Advanced Color Customization**: Full color pickers with presets
- ⚠️ **Smart Contrast Validation**: Real-time scanning reliability warnings
- 📐 **Resolution Control**: Choose output resolution up to 2048x2048px
- ⌨️ **Keyboard Shortcuts**: Power user productivity features
- 📱 **Enhanced Mobile UX**: Improved touch interactions and responsiveness
- 🔄 **Live Preview**: Real-time updates as you type and customize
- 🚀 **Performance**: Faster generation and better error handling

## 📄 License

© 2025 Deadboy & VenimK All rights reserved.

## 🔗 Links

- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub"> [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/VenimK/-generate-QR-code)
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Demo-FF5800?style=flat&logo=github-pages&logoColor=white" alt="Demo"> [Live Demo](https://venimk.github.io/-generate-QR-code/)

## 💖 Support the Project

If you find this QR code generator useful, consider supporting its development:

[![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://paypal.me/VenimK)

Your support helps us maintain and improve this free tool for everyone! 🙏

---

<div align="center">

### 📊 QR Code Usage Statistics

| QR Code Type | Popularity |
|-------------|------------|
| URL | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ |
| Text | ⭐⭐⭐⭐ |
| WiFi | ⭐⭐⭐⭐ |
| vCard | ⭐⭐⭐ |
| Email | ⭐⭐⭐ |
| Location | ⭐⭐ |

### 🎯 Key Benefits

- **Fast Generation**: Create QR codes in seconds
- **Highly Customizable**: Make your QR codes unique
- **No Registration Required**: Free to use without sign-up
- **Multiple Export Options**: Download in your preferred format

</div>

Commit message:

feat: add Halloween, Christmas, and New Year themes with festive colors and icons

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 🔳 Deadboy & VenimK QR Code Generator 🔲

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.1.0-blue.svg" alt="Version"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Custom-green.svg" alt="License"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript">

A fast, feature-rich, and user-friendly QR code generator web application with advanced customization options, calendar event support, and professional-grade color management.

![Deadboy QR Code Generator](./QrCodeGenerator.png)

</div>

## ✨ Features

### 📱 Multiple QR Code Types
- **URL**: Generate QR codes for websites and web pages
- **Text**: Create QR codes for plain text messages
- **Email**: Generate QR codes that open email clients with pre-filled addresses
- **Phone**: Create QR codes for phone numbers
- **SMS**: Generate QR codes that open SMS with pre-filled numbers
- **WhatsApp**: Create QR codes for WhatsApp messages with pre-filled text
- **WiFi**: Create QR codes for WiFi network access with encryption support
- **Location**: Generate QR codes for geographic coordinates with geocoding
- **Calendar**: Create QR codes for calendar events (iCalendar format) - **NEW!**

### 🎨 Advanced Customization Options
- **QR Code Colors**: Full color picker for foreground and background colors - **NEW!**
- **Color Presets**: Quick-select professional color combinations - **NEW!**
- **Contrast Validation**: Real-time warnings for poor scanning combinations - **NEW!**
- **Resolution Options**: Choose from 256x256 to 2048x2048 pixels - **NEW!**
- **Size Control**: Adjustable QR code display size (200-1000px)
- **Stroke Width**: Customizable border thickness (0-13%)
- **Outline Toggle**: Add or remove black outline around the QR code
- **Color Inversion**: Swap foreground and background colors

### 🌈 Multiple Themes
- Dark Orange (Default)
- Light
- Neon
- Midnight
- Forest
- **Halloween** 🎃 - Spooky purple and orange theme perfect for Halloween events
- **Christmas** 🎄 - Festive red and blue theme with winter colors
- **New Year** 🎆 - Golden and navy theme for New Year's celebrations

### 💾 Export & Sharing Options
- **Download as PNG**: High-quality raster format with custom resolution
- **Download as SVG**: Scalable vector format for print and web
- **Native Sharing**: Share QR codes directly via device share menu
- **Custom Colors**: All exports respect your color choices
- **High Resolution**: Up to 2048x2048 pixel exports

## 🚀 Usage

1. **Select QR Type**: Choose from URL, Text, Email, Phone, SMS, WhatsApp, WiFi, Location, or Calendar
2. **Enter Information**: Fill in the required fields (auto-validation included)
3. **Customize Appearance**: 
   - Choose colors using the color pickers or presets
   - Select resolution (256px to 2048px)
   - Adjust size, stroke, and outline options
4. **Generate**: Click "Generate QR Code" or use `Ctrl/Cmd + Enter`
5. **Export**: Download as PNG/SVG or share directly

### ⌨️ Keyboard Shortcuts - **NEW!**
- `Ctrl/Cmd + Enter` - Generate QR Code
- `Ctrl/Cmd + D` - Download PNG
- `Ctrl/Cmd + S` - Download SVG

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5"> HTML5 with semantic markup
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3"> CSS3 with responsive design
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript"> Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+)
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/QRCode.js-000000?style=flat" alt="QRCode.js"> QRCode.js library for QR generation
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/QRCode--SVG-000000?style=flat" alt="QRCode-SVG"> QRCode-SVG library for vector exports
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Phosphor-3D3D3D?style=flat" alt="Phosphor"> Phosphor Icons for UI elements
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Web_APIs-FF6B6B?style=flat" alt="Web APIs"> Native Web APIs (Share, Geolocation, File)

## 🌐 Browser Compatibility

The application is compatible with all modern browsers including:
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Chrome-4285F4?style=flat&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white" alt="Chrome"> Chrome (recommended)
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=flat&logo=Firefox&logoColor=white" alt="Firefox"> Firefox
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Safari-000000?style=flat&logo=Safari&logoColor=white" alt="Safari"> Safari
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Edge-0078D4?style=flat&logo=Microsoft-edge&logoColor=white" alt="Edge"> Edge
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mobile_Browsers-4CAF50?style=flat" alt="Mobile"> Mobile browsers (iOS Safari, Chrome Mobile)

## 📱 Mobile Features

- **Touch-Optimized**: Larger touch targets and mobile-friendly interactions
- **Responsive Design**: Adapts perfectly to all screen sizes
- **Native Sharing**: Integrates with device share functionality
- **Geolocation**: Use current location for location-based QR codes
- **Offline Capable**: Works without internet connection once loaded

## 🆕 Recent Updates

### v2.0.0 - Major Feature Release
- ✨ **Calendar Events**: Create QR codes for calendar events in iCalendar format
- 🎨 **Advanced Color Customization**: Full color pickers with presets
- ⚠️ **Smart Contrast Validation**: Real-time scanning reliability warnings
- 📐 **Resolution Control**: Choose output resolution up to 2048x2048px
- ⌨️ **Keyboard Shortcuts**: Power user productivity features
- 📱 **Enhanced Mobile UX**: Improved touch interactions and responsiveness
- 🔄 **Live Preview**: Real-time updates as you type and customize
- 🚀 **Performance**: Faster generation and better error handling

### v2.1.0 - Festive Themes Update 🎉
- 🎃 **Halloween Theme**: Spooky purple and orange theme for Halloween celebrations
- 🎄 **Christmas Theme**: Festive red and blue theme with winter colors
- 🎆 **New Year Theme**: Golden and navy theme for New Year's events

## 📄 License

© 2025 Deadboy & VenimK All rights reserved.

## 🔗 Links

- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub"> [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/VenimK/-generate-QR-code)
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Demo-FF5800?style=flat&logo=github-pages&logoColor=white" alt="Demo"> [Live Demo](https://venimk.github.io/-generate-QR-code/)

## 💖 Support the Project

If you find this QR code generator useful, consider supporting its development:

[![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://paypal.me/VenimK)

Your support helps us maintain and improve this free tool for everyone! 🙏

---

<div align="center">

### 📊 QR Code Usage Statistics

| QR Code Type | Popularity |
|-------------|------------|
| URL | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ |
| Text | ⭐⭐⭐⭐ |
| WiFi | ⭐⭐⭐⭐ |
| vCard | ⭐⭐⭐ |
| Email | ⭐⭐⭐ |
| Location | ⭐⭐ |

### 🎯 Key Benefits

- **Fast Generation**: Create QR codes in seconds
- **Highly Customizable**: Make your QR codes unique
- **No Registration Required**: Free to use without sign-up
- **Multiple Export Options**: Download in your preferred format

</div>
